Hey, I just want to actually apologize for the inconsistency of the size of the font, I just really
want to squeeze this onto one video over here to be able to display all the problems.
But maybe by now you're actually kind of seeing and what these are actually a little bit more complex.
We don't we have more units that we're going to be dealing with.
So our method on doing this is going to be the exact same.
Now, I'm just going to write out the first problem and once again, the first the problem number nine
and problem number 11, we're going to be doing together.
And then from 10 and 12, I encourage you to actually do that on your own.
So the first problem up here are actually problem number nine.
I'm just going to rewrite this.
And so this promo here, it's saying let's go from miles per hour, two kilometres per second, so we
have eight miles per hour.
Or just per one hour, and we're can convert this to kilometers per second.
I'm just going to write this over here, kilometres per second.
OK, so what we're going to do with this problem is we're going to first let's come up with a little
strategy.
Let's first convert the units from miles to kilometres and then we're going to convert our units from
ours to second.
So that's going to be our strategy.
We're just going to do this first and then second, and then we're going to be done with our problem.
OK.
So have you ever thought about this before?
What is it miles per hour actually mean?
Have you ever thought about that?
OK, well, you have it, Miles, which is a distance over a certain amount of time, which is one hour.
So it's eight miles per hour.
If you were traveling at this rate, at this speed for about one hour, how many miles would you go?
Oh, eight miles.
OK, so that's what the definition of eight miles per hour actually means.
Hey, what say if you actually have a speed of, let's say, 25 miles per hour in one hour, if you're
going at that speed, how many miles will you travel?
You'll travel 25 miles.
That's by definition what it actually means.
All right.
So if you are going eight miles per hour for let's call.
So the speed of eight miles per hour for two hours, how many miles do you travel?
If you're going at that speed for two hours, you will travel 16 miles.
That's by definition, actually what it means.
So anyway, let's get back to this problem and just focus on that.
So, like I said before, we're going to be converting from miles to kilometres and then killed and
then from hours to seconds, that's where our strategy is.
So we're going to be converting and following the exact same method that we were doing before.
So we have miles on top over here.
We're going to be converting to miles and bottom over here and looking through our facts over here.
Hopefully you're actually saying by now recognizing that that's the fact that we actually do have deal
with Miles.
So we're I'm using that.
And once again, we're really focusing on the idea that we're going to be converting to kilometers per
second.
OK, so we have how many miles?
It's one mile is equal to, what, five thousand hundred eighty feet?
80 feet.
Our units here cancel out, leaving us with.
Feet per hour.
That's what we have, we have our feet and we have our those are the two units that we're left with.
We don't want people per hour.
We want kilometres per second.
So just deal with our kilometres first.
We have feet.
OK, so we know that we're not done yet.
OK, so let's look at this over here.
We have 15 inches in yards, 39 meters.
So if we want to go from feet to kilometres, it makes a lot of sense for us to actually go for two
from feet, 10 meters first.
So we have our feet down here.
And how many feet is it?
It's three point twenty eight feet is equal to one meter.
Once again, we don't want meters.
We want kilometres.
So looking at this once again, what has to do with meters?
We have meters over here, meters, meters, meters.
The one that has to do with kilometres is this one.
So that would actually make sense that we're using that.
And how many meters is it?
It's a thousand meters is equal to one kilometre.
Our units cancel out once again.
The idea that we want our kilometres so we are goal is to actually get to kilometers.
We do have kilometres up here and it came to us that we're done with this part of the problem.
We're not fully done yet because we have kilometers up here and ours down here.
We don't want to kilometres and hours.
We want kilometres and seconds.
So our first step is done.
Now, let's go from hours to seconds.
OK, so we do have our hours on the bottom over here.
So we have to think about this.
How do we actually cancel our hours if they're in the denominator in the bottom?
So if we put ours and the bottom over here.
Well, we have ours on the bottom hours, son does see those actually cancel out now, hopefully that's
what you're saying and you agree with that.
But if we have hours and hours on the top, then they will cancel out.
It's the same strategy.
It's the same method that we're doing.
But we just have to think about how our units will cancel out.
We have hours and bombs, therefore ours will be on the top.
Those two will cancel out.
And keep in mind once again that we're going to go from hours to seconds.
And so we have hours over here.
Once again, we have ours over here.
Does it make sense for us to go from hours to days or hours to minutes, consider an idea that we want
get two seconds?
Hopefully you're saying to yourself by now, it makes sense for us to go from hours to minutes using
this factor over here.
How many hours is it?
It's one hour is equal to, what, 60 minutes or an hour?
Hours will cancel out, leaving us with minutes.
But we don't want minutes.
We want seconds.
So therefore, we're come back over here and looking at which ones have to do with minutes.
These two over here and we see that we have our minutes in seconds over here.
So it would make sense that we're dealing with that.
Once again, we have our minutes on the bomb over here.
So how to be kinzler or minutes?
Hopefully you're saying we want the minutes on top so our units will cancel out.
And so once again, we have how many minutes is it?
It's one minute is equal to, what, 60 seconds?
Our minutes on the bottom will coincide with the minutes on top, leaving us with seconds and that's
our goal.
That's what we're trying to actually get.
So we do that's our indicator that we're done with this problem, keeping in mind that once again,
we do have our.
Kilometres and seconds, those are the only two units that we do have on this entire problem over here,
if you're looking at all the numerators, all of our units are gone except for the kilometres.
If you're looking at all the denominator's, the only units that actually remains is the seconds.
So that's our indicator that we're done with this problem.
All we have to do is plug the calculator to get our answer.
Which is our zero point zero zero three six hour up.
Kilometres per second.
And that's what eight miles per hour is equal to.
OK, so let's jump down to pump number 11.
And this is a war problem.
And it's you know what the most confusing part about this is actually just looking at the universe.
But OK, so we have a velocity of rocket required to reach space is seven point nine kilometers per
second.
Let's convert this into miles per hour.
That's what MPH actually is.
I know that we said before that M is referring to meters, but in this context and that's referring
to miles per hour.
So that's the tricky part of this, which is the reason why I included this problem in this worksheet
is basically to stump you up.
Hopefully you do know that MPH is miles per hour and a lot of people here in the United States would
recognize that.
So hopefully that is something that you're used to seeing.
OK, so once again, we just have here are seven point nine kilometers per one second.
Our strategy once again is we're going to go from kilometres to miles and then from seconds to hour.
So this is this is just the same thing over here.
We have miles per hour.
OK, so let's.
OK, so let's just do that.
Let's go and let's convert our units from kilometers per two miles.
So we know that our kilometres are is going to be the first thing that we want Kinslow.
So we're on here.
Do we actually see KmH?
Hopefully by now you're sitting right there.
So keeping in mind that we're going to go from kilometres to miles so we could go from kilometres to
meters.
And then hopefully you're kind of thinking yourself, maybe we could go from meters to feet and then
feet to miles.
That's kind of just that's the path that we're going to be taking here, if that was a little confusing.
I apologize.
But that's kind of like that's the path that we're going to be taking now.
So we have kilometres.
We're going to be doing this one.
How many kilometres is it?
It's one kilometre.
And that's equal to what?
That's equal to a thousand meters.
Our units cancel out, leaving us with meters.
But once again, we don't want meters.
We want miles.
So indicated to us that we're not done with this problem just yet.
And which which are taxis over here to have to do with meters.
This one.
This one and this one.
Hopefully by now you're actually seeing yourself.
It wouldn't make sense for us to use that one being that we should just use that.
And does it make sense for us to go from meters to seven meters?
Mm mm.
Four meters to feat, considering the idea that our goal is to actually get to Miles.
Hopefully you're saying to yourself.
And what I do know, the idea that Miles is U.S..
SIST, United States system measurement and same thing with feet over here, so that's our initial clue
that we're going to go from my from meters to feet.
OK, so if we have meters on here, how many meters is it?
It's one meter.
And that's equal to, what, three point twenty eight feet?
OK, so once again, we have our cancellation and now we're in FT, but once again, we don't want Ft.
We want our miles.
So come back over here.
Where do we have feet?
We have 50 feet and feet and we have feet and miles.
So hopefully by now you're actually saying that we have we're going to be dealing with that one.
How many feet is it?
5000, 280 feet is equal to what one mile units will cancel out, leaving us with miles.
Oh, look at this.
That's our goal.
So we know that we're actually done with this part of the problem.
OK, so looking at this right now on the numerators, the only units that we have right now is Miles.
And if you look at the denominator's, the units that we have is seconds.
But we don't want seconds.
We want ours.
Let's just go through and continue this.
So once again, we have seconds in the bottom.
How do we get how do we cancel out our units of seconds if they're in the bottom?
We we want the seconds to be on the top in the numerator.
So where do we see on here that we have our seconds?
Hopefully we see that right there.
And does it make sense for us to go to seconds to minutes?
Yeah, you know what?
Because our end goal is to actually get to our hours.
So how many seconds is it?
It's 60 seconds is equal to what?
One minute?
Cancel out our units over here and we're left with minutes.
We're not happy with minutes.
We want our hours.
So once again, we're just going to be looking at this, saying that, hey, we have minutes here,
hours here.
That's going to be clearly the fact that we're going to be using.
And how do we Canterlot, if we have our minutes in the bottom or we want our minutes on the top and
we have our 60 Minutes is equal to one hour, so our units will cancel.
We have this canceling of that.
And once again, we had our goal of actually getting to our hours.
We have our hours right there.
And if you look on the top in all the numbers, we have our miles, all the denominator units.
We have our hours indicated to us, hey, and what we can play this problem.
Once we plug this into the calculator, we should be able to get this answer right here.
OK, so at this point, I want you to pause this video and try this problem on your own.
This video is getting a little long.
So I'm actually just going to cut this short right now and we'll continue in the next video.